Release v2.1.2 (#191)
UpCloudLtd/terraform-provider-upcloud: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [2.1.2]

### Added

>  - Added simple backups support (#188)

Reviewer: Whoops, extra space at the star of line

```suggestion
- Added simple backups support (#188)
```

## [Unreleased]

> ## [2.1.2]
> 
> ### Added
> 
>  - feat: simple backups support (#188)
>  - chore: add docs for releasing (#189)
> 
> ### Fixed
> 
> - fix(makefile): local dev build (#172)
> - enachange test duration with paralelism (#176)
> - fix(server): prevent empty tags from replanning (#178)
> - fix: make sure either storage devices or template are required on the server resource
> 
> ### Removed
> 
> - chore: remove broken release.yml workflow (#184)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [2.1.2]

### Added

 - Added simple backups support (#188)

### Fixed

- Prevent empty tags from replanning a server (#178)
- Make sure either storage devices or template are required on the server resource
```
